Bios

Heather-
My name is Heather Whittlesey. My background is in Fine Art. I have a an MFA in Integrated Visual Studies. 
I used to be a glassblower and a ceramics teacher. I made the transition to IT from an interactive art class
that showed us programming. I also worked in the finance industry investigating financial crimes on credit cards.
I ultimately made the decision to transition to IT because our interaction with it becomes exponentially more each year 
and I want to be apart of the movement.

Brittney-
My name is Brittney Harned. My background consists of three coding classes in high school as well as a few hobby website
work. I created a website for my high school agriculture club which is what made me want to continue learning to program.
Programming is what I want to do because growing up I have had access to technology at my fingertips, and learning more
about how programming works is a passion of mine. I was greatly influenced by family members and my high school business
technology teacher to being programming.

Melanie-
My name is Melanie Suzette Alvarado and I'm a first generation Latina student. Although I was born here in the United States
I am able to speak both Spanish and English fluently because of my parents. I have always been interested in Computer Science
but it wasn't until my Junior year of Highschool when I attended a Women's STEM Conference in Chicago, IL that I decided to
pursue this career. This event had multiple and different workshops and I choose to attend a developing based workshop. I
attended that workshop and I really enjoyed the workshop and decided that instead of becoming a math teacher I would become a
developer and here I am and I don't regret it.

Yulduz-
I am an international student from Turkmenistan. From a young age, I was absolutely attracted by computer games and the world
of technology, but I never thought of developing it as my career. Undecided about what I want to do in the future, I came to
the US to pursue my Associates of Arts Degree. When the pandemic took over, I started dabbling with programming and taking
some online courses and soon realized I wanted it to be my career. I was really attracted by the challenge and the intellectual
stimulation that programming provides. During the ByteJam,  I incredibly enjoyed working with a great team by sharing and
discovering new things about the programming world. 

Travis-
I joined the Software Development course early 2020 to try and find a course in life. So far it has been pretty fun learning a
field that I thought would be impossible for me. It is a great experience working with my team on this project for the end product
we created. Though I am still very much entry level in terms of knowledge, I was glad I could put pieces together on my own.

Douglas-
I am Douglas J Wilcox, II. I read my first Harry Potter Book when I was 6 years old and have been reading, on average 4-6 200+ page
books per week since then. I have struggled with severe ADHD most of my life, and it has never been easy for me to make new friends,
because I am not generally interested in things that most people my age are interested in. Last year, I took a series of complex tests,
which ended up revealing that my difficulty trying to manage college and make new friends was due to me being on the Autism Spectrum,
level 2 ASD, is my diagnosis - but a few years ago, they would have called it Aspergers. The most interesting result from these tests
was that my visual spacial skills are off the charts.  What this boils down to, is that my ADHD, and Autism, I need help remembering
to follow through, and need to be strongly encouraged to socialize. However, my advanced visual spacial skills give me a leading edge
on identifying bugs in code, items out of place, and I mostly think and work outside the box. I have rightfully earned the nickname my
8th grade science teacher gave me, The Nutty Professor.

Tyler-
I have been interested in computers and technology ever since I was a child. I knew right away that I wanted to be in a software
development program right after high school. Still being a beginner in the software development program I am glad I was able to contribute
on this project. I have never done anything like this and it was a great experience working with my group on this project.

Colby-


